Crit errors docs review (#6557)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/hosting/critical-errors.md

* There are repeated failures in reading information from a required storage.
* An exception occurs reading from the input queue.

## What happens when a critical error occurs in NServiceBus?

partial: default

Once the cause of a critical error is resolved, the system will continue processing where it left off. Often, critical errors are transient (e.g. a database was temporarily unavailable). An immediate retry can be successful in these cases. However, sometimes, critical errors are persistent.

## How do I deal with persistent critical errors?

When a critical error persists, it is often unknown if the issue is recoverable. [Stopping the endpoint](#how-do-i-deal-with-persistent-critical-errors-stopping-the-endpoint) along with [terminating and restarting the process](#how-do-i-deal-with-persistent-critical-errors-terminate-and-restart-the-process) is recommended.

### Stopping the endpoint

[Microsoft Generic Host's](/nservicebus/hosting/extensions-hosting.md) `IHostApplicationLifetime.Stop` method stops the NServiceBus endpoint gracefully.

Alternatively, a call to `criticalErrorContext.Stop` can be used.

snippet: StopEndpointInCriticalError

> Warn: Calling `criticalErrorContext.Stop` without terminating the host process will only stop the NServiceBus endpoint without affecting the host process and other components running within the same process. Restarting the process after stopping the endpoint is recommended.

Reviewer: Nitpick: I feel it sounds less like a command this way 
```suggestion
Warn: Calling `criticalErrorContext.Stop` without terminating the host process will only stop the NServiceBus endpoint without affecting the host process and other components running within the same process. This is why restarting the process after stopping the endpoint is the recommended approach.
```

### Terminate and restart the process

1. Terminate the process. If using `Environment.FailFast` or `IHostApplicationLifetime.Stop`, the NServiceBus endpoint can attempt a graceful shutdown which can be useful in non-transactional processing environments.
2. Ensure the environment is configured to automatically restart processes when they stop.
  * IIS: The IIS host will automatically spawn a new instance.
  * Windows Service: The OS can restart the service after 1 minute if [Windows Service Recovery](/nservicebus/hosting/windows-service.md#installation-setting-the-restart-recovery-options) is enabled.
  * Docker: Ensure that containers are configured with `restart=always`. See [Start containers automatically (Docker.com)](https://docs.docker.com/config/containers/start-containers-automatically/)

> ## What if I don't like the default behavior?

Reviewer: Suggestion: most of the time is not a 'taste' issue, but more so a need
```suggestion
## What if I need to override the default behavior?
```

The default behavior is often appropriate for the lifetime of most systems. However, it is possible to override the default behavior to accommodate business needs.

For example, the default behavior can be modified with:

* Sending a real-time notification to support personnel when the endpoint has raised a critical error.
* Limiting the retries of the endpoint handler, e.g. when it might affect costs.
* Automatically restarting the endpoint and resetting the transport connection to attempt to resolve underlying issues in receiving or dispatching messages.

> Provide a custom [action](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.action-1) to override the default behavior:

Reviewer: Suggestion: More wordy words
```suggestion
To override the default behavior a custom [action](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.action-1) needs to be provided:
```

snippet: DefiningCustomHostErrorHandlingAction

> ### Example custom implementation

Reviewer: Nitpick:
```suggestion
### Example of a custom implementation
```

## Raising a critical error

> Any code in the endpoint can invoke the `criticalError` action.

Reviewer: Nitpick: I don't like mentions to 'code'
```suggestion
Any part of the implementation of the endpoint can invoke the `criticalError` action.
```
